character L "Inventor"
character K "Katherine"

background riverside
audio sfx-river
	"???" "Ugh? Where am I?"
music silent_footsteps
	L "Right! Fazegaid. I remember now..."
	L "He recalls the earth-shattering roar of the mighty dragon named Fazegaid." --nameless
background fazegaid
	"The Eater of Realms."
	"It descended upon his workshop. Each flap of its vast dark wings sent tremors across the land."
audio sfx-thunderclap
	"Its thunder breath melted even the ground."
	"The last time he checked, lightning is not supposed to melt earth."
	"That's the basic law; literally the first chapter in a book aptly titled "Introduction to elemental magic"."
background riverside
	L "This makes no sense!"
hide all
	"???" "What makes no sense?"
	K "A voice boomed behind the Inventor. It was Katherine, an elite red-helm knight tasked with protecting him from all harms." --nameless
	K "Considering he was being attacked by a dragon, one could say she was working way, way above her paygrade." --nameless
hide all
	L "Magic! Magic and dragons, neither of them makes any sense!"
hide all
	K "She shruged." --nameless
	K "Can't help you there. I'm no witch."
	K "Speaking of whom..."
	K "Leonardo de Price! What in the name of Tenrid are you doing!?"
	K "You hid the witch in your workshop. You almost got me killed!"
hide all
	L "Technically, she did not attack you. The dragon did."
hide all
	K "You know full well Fazegaid was out for her blood."
	K "Having her around is like coating yourself in honey and wearing a bullseye on your back at the same time!"
hide all
	L "Look, I have no choice but to cooperate, okay?"
hide all
	K "So she did threaten you!"
hide all
	L "No. She did not. I need her expertises in researching the cure."
	L "I'm only the herbalist in name. She is the real herbalist!"
hide all
audio sfx-gasp
	K "The knight let out an audible gasp" --nameless
	K "Are you tellng me all your master titles are fake?!"
hide all
	L "I'm telling you, one of them is and that's it. Just that one."
hide all
	K "Why, Leo? Why?"
background lab
	L "Because she needed tools and ingredients to further her research." --nographic
audio sfx-bubbling
	L "The Silverflow Academy just happens to have everything she needed." --nographic
	L "I was merely doing what I could to assist. It's for the good of Ironheart after all." --nographic
background dark-sorceress
	K "That's bull and you know it!" --nographic
audio sfx-bones
	K "She's responsible for the plague in the first place." --nographic
	L "You can't prove that!" --nographic
	K "You can't disprove that either!" --nographic
background riverside
	L "I can prove, at least, that she did save our lives."
hide all
	K "Ya sure. After she put our lives in peril."
	K "You expect me to thank her for throwing me a rope after she kicked me over board?"
	K "That's some D'Amore level of twisted logic. And trust me, I know a thing or two about twisted logic."
exit